README.md, before:

## OOP Branch

## Run modes and avaiable arugments.
Running the script can be done using python + argument options.

| Short |    Verbose    |                       Description                             |
|  :-:  |      :-:      |                           :-:                                 |
|  -a   | --all         | Runs script for all avaiable repositories                     |
|  -g   | --git         | Runs script only for repos that are on GitHub                 |
|  -hg  | --mercurial   | Runs script only for repos that are on Mercurial              |
|  -r   | --repo        | Let the user choose for which repositories to run             |
|  -l   | --logging     | Activate logger output in the console                         |
| -days | --days        | Generate the changelog.md for _int_ amount of days            |
|  -p   | --push        | Runs for all available repositories and auto-push to github   |
| -dev  | --development | Activate development mode                                     |
|  -s   | --skip-menu   | Skip MainMenu. Used for automatization.                       |

## Running the script in pycharm without `--dev` argument
Can be done while running the client.py with arguments:
 - `-a -l` = mode all and active logging
 - `-g -l` = mode git and active logging
 - `-hg -l` = mode mercurial and active logging
 

## ExitCodes used by FIC:
- 2: File Extension not supported
- 3: The script failed to pull the dates
- 4: The -d/--days argument is not followed by an int
- 5: The provided file does not exist. Used by Function: modules.FIC_FileHandler.**file_size()**
- 6: Can't check file size for provided filename. Used by Function: modules.FIC_FileHandler.**file_size()**
- 7: Failed to rename file. Used by Function: modules.FIC_FileHandler.**rename_file_with_date()**
- 8: Access denied to read/write to provided file
- 9: No git authentication tokens found
- 10: Keyboard interrupt
- 11: Provided input is not an integer. Used in modules.FIC_MainMenu.repo_selection_menu()
- 12: Unknown repository provider.
- 13: Unknown Return Time. 
- 301: Moved Permanently
- 302: Found
- 304: Not Modified
- 307: Temporary Redirect
- 400: Bad Request
- 401: Unauthorized
- 403: Forbidden
- 404: Not Found
- 422: Unprocessable Entity
- 500: Internal Server Error
- 501: Not Implemented
- 503: Service Unavailable

Commit message:

Updated README.md run modes and avaiable arguments description

README.md, after:

## OOP Branch

## Run modes and avaiable arugments.
Running the script can be done using:
```Bash
python3 client.py -a
```
The available arguments are shown in the following table:
| Short |    Verbose    |                       Description                             |
|  :-:  |      :-:      |                           :-:                                 |
|  -a   | --all         | Runs script for all avaiable repositories                     |
|  -g   | --git         | Runs script only for repos that are on GitHub                 |
|  -hg  | --mercurial   | Runs script only for repos that are on Mercurial              |
|  -r   | --repo        | Let the user choose for which repositories to run             |
|  -l   | --logging     | Activate logger output in the console                         |
| -days | --days        | Generate the changelog.md for _int_ amount of days            |
|  -p   | --push        | Runs for all available repositories and auto-push to github   |
| -dev  | --development | Activate development mode                                     |
|  -s   | --skip-menu   | Skip MainMenu. Used for automatization.                       |

## Running the script in pycharm without `--dev` argument
Can be done while running the client.py with arguments:
 - `-a -l` = mode all and active logging
 - `-g -l` = mode git and active logging
 - `-hg -l` = mode mercurial and active logging
 

## ExitCodes used by FIC:
- 2: File Extension not supported
- 3: The script failed to pull the dates
- 4: The -d/--days argument is not followed by an int
- 5: The provided file does not exist. Used by Function: modules.FIC_FileHandler.**file_size()**
- 6: Can't check file size for provided filename. Used by Function: modules.FIC_FileHandler.**file_size()**
- 7: Failed to rename file. Used by Function: modules.FIC_FileHandler.**rename_file_with_date()**
- 8: Access denied to read/write to provided file
- 9: No git authentication tokens found
- 10: Keyboard interrupt
- 11: Provided input is not an integer. Used in modules.FIC_MainMenu.repo_selection_menu()
- 12: Unknown repository provider.
- 13: Unknown Return Time. 
- 301: Moved Permanently
- 302: Found
- 304: Not Modified
- 307: Temporary Redirect
- 400: Bad Request
- 401: Unauthorized
- 403: Forbidden
- 404: Not Found
- 422: Unprocessable Entity
- 500: Internal Server Error
- 501: Not Implemented
- 503: Service Unavailable
