git_files/build-puppet.md, before:

## BUILD-PUPPET COMMIT MARKDOWN TABLE SINCE 2018-11-20 05:15:08.721118

| Commit Number | Commiter | Commit Message | Commit Url | Date | 
|:---:|:----:|:----------------------------------:|:------:|:----:| 
|41|JohanLorenzo|Bug 1492245 - Bump pushapkscript to 0.9.0 (#308)|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/85d1b7f41ec671ce8462d34aa3ff1569cabc7a5e)|2018-11-23 17:06:17
|40|JohanLorenzo|Bug 1492245 - Bump signingscript to 9.5.1 (#307)|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/275b1b8c5d8222308da716407067c2e1f8fdbc97)|2018-11-23 14:22:02
|39|JohanLorenzo|Bug 1492245 - signing_scriptworker: Expose Fennec on Autograph (#306)|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b820c2ace1a3eb608330188e54b5a6d4b294ef8d)|2018-11-22 16:08:35
|38|MihaiTabara|Merge pull request #304 from tp-tc/balrogscript-remove-tools    Update balrogscript: Get rid of tools in balrog.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b7ed8207631f1c0fd13e2365ac726bc5d494c50d)|2018-11-22 11:51:05
|37|klibby|Merge pull request #302 from mitchhentges/bug1509144  Bug 1509144 - grant mhentges access to jumphosts|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/bb5699e7a1157144ea606508aa3f4bf35a4cb8ab)|2018-11-21 20:36:13
|36|mitchhentges|Bug 1509144 - grant mhentges access to jumphosts|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/575bcac08344ded61015819bb455ac36c76258fb)|2018-11-21 19:40:24
|35|mutterroland|Merge pull request #300 from mozilla-releng/pyup-scheduled-update-2018-11-21  Scheduled weekly dependency update for week 46|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/ba74de2a0876165d35033252c83ce505f26cf103)|2018-11-21 14:38:24
|34|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/2fe522f36a4073029c178c22ea0e419cd87fe875)|2018-11-21 13:45:09
|33|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/77b9289c4b8e0dcc81cd488d7b018ffbadbb2cac)|2018-11-21 13:45:07
|32|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/77ae30b7491c34c68e4ad98a1a62df740e4e3066)|2018-11-21 13:45:05
|31|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/a823ed03858a5cb8448e82a71d7f556cf4939e3e)|2018-11-21 13:45:03
|30|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/bb73d0f535d07e002baaa70af9ac78f59f0ead8e)|2018-11-21 13:45:02
|29|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/8705bc5e1dc658c8728c4bd0939672e08947bc2d)|2018-11-21 13:45:00
|28|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/38a8f9f0d54b62c90a723d55712a2b6d420ce3f0)|2018-11-21 13:44:58
|27|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/ca61b2e86e5ff147a373bff00c31b6f6b5268b4e)|2018-11-21 13:44:56
|26|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/aa038b920ec81a768fb3a43cd9107f970df9f223)|2018-11-21 13:44:54
|25|pyup-bot|Update cryptography from 2.4.1 to 2.4.2|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/02b4c6d526433dde41f351541b66c2890769dd36)|2018-11-21 13:05:57
|24|pyup-bot|Update setuptools from 40.5.0 to 40.6.2|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/dc687283a197c33d66888abdaa91bf0a62824dea)|2018-11-21 13:05:56
|23|pyup-bot|Update redis from 2.10.6 to 3.0.1|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/3f307e388142530939ac72ea08eaff9e9e5527d3)|2018-11-21 13:05:54
|22|pyup-bot|Update redis from 2.10.6 to 3.0.1|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/152b12e8c7911f07c09bc3872e28b636c5cee1a8)|2018-11-21 13:05:53
|21|pyup-bot|Update redis from 2.10.6 to 3.0.1|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/1222b481ff37fe0448bc25e037d0e39d67004ea2)|2018-11-21 13:05:51
|20|pyup-bot|Update botocore from 1.12.44 to 1.12.49|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/7c17696752f451fcb5fafab72f2d3bf410966727)|2018-11-21 13:05:50
|19|pyup-bot|Update boto3 from 1.9.44 to 1.9.49|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/9d52ea9e7f47a110377d8df7e2c1fab73cd28637)|2018-11-21 13:05:49
|18|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/e26d5b3268fd214d950ef9c599dd52cf4fe53ab1)|2018-11-21 13:05:47
|17|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/c7e3daa0b2297e46f63bbd9aceff8f21cd342f0e)|2018-11-21 13:05:46
|16|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/06cbf5d164552b6c801a35acf5f03654d6f03290)|2018-11-21 13:05:44
|15|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/7737e7ab5cdc560abe4462d0cde849a7a1ce68b3)|2018-11-21 13:05:43
|14|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b338b61f75e66fa631f1cb624cd875f29f72d8ca)|2018-11-21 13:05:41
|13|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b3a02a5af98dd3b5ec1e081bd9cf48d7416fd561)|2018-11-21 13:05:39
|12|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/919cd6ef92fb430313a6213b35dda64b72c037d3)|2018-11-21 13:05:38
|11|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/8b9ac24ac6e30bbbc333908fa2f65946eeea59d5)|2018-11-21 13:05:36
|10|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/78f1dc9f3e5cf797ac3678f9d4cde86eecc45a0f)|2018-11-21 13:05:35
|9|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/de2e7f356981ed54f11975c262a61a41a169122e)|2018-11-21 13:05:33
|8|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/512cf377fcd61b56db6693af9ede2ed9d76c6920)|2018-11-21 13:05:31
|7|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/6d8a66dbda9f53339c41e9d29d430f23304f5b88)|2018-11-21 13:05:29
|6|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/0e24ece663d47148be4014cb46b9feedd99ef682)|2018-11-21 13:05:27
|5|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/f091ebaa029185290036221e6dc4820003aa172d)|2018-11-21 13:05:26
|4|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b6eb6ab31fc653be4bcf2d8c86f20d124bbc0bb4)|2018-11-21 13:05:24
|3|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/d68856cb1047006a4e21f1c0be41019f76471a48)|2018-11-21 13:05:23
|2|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/d77dd2e0c085026ceb682bcfb31edd56a5cf10b6)|2018-11-21 13:05:21
|1|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/7225a6e155e72bc7ebb02214ecd9f3b16f67832d)|2018-11-21 13:05:20

Commit message:

added function that finds the version of repos from build-puppet

git_files/build-puppet.md, after:

## BUILD-PUPPET COMMIT MARKDOWN TABLE SINCE 2018-11-21 06:32:53.472188

| Commit Number | Commiter | Commit Message | Commit Url | Date | 
|:---:|:----:|:----------------------------------:|:------:|:----:| 
|51|tomprince|Merge pull request #311 from tp-tc/scriptworker-cron  Bump scriptworker to 17.0.0 for push information in cron tasks.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/bfeb4b9b7a7931e277c607283e99f9c5c323fb28)|2018-11-27 21:24:14
|50|tomprince|Bump scriptworker to 17.0.0 for push information in cron tasks.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/08f05d12e2cae01c387e5ac0b19c3d78597828d2)|2018-11-27 18:00:24
|49|tomprince|Merge pull request #309 from tp-tc/whats-new  Update balrogscript for WNP support.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/81815340e943aab9e886a3f6c799d58c101451ac)|2018-11-27 17:02:34
|48|mitchhentges|Merge pull request #303 from mitchhentges/bug1508508  Adds configuration for reference browser (prod and staging)|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/a198270e36c42b6541542d48f895c8479415b9b7)|2018-11-27 16:57:38
|47|mitchhentges|Adds "dep-" mobile nodes to moco-nodes|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/64391f41a76f1442c29c4e71b13aaca005f255e6)|2018-11-23 21:17:00
|46|mitchhentges|Updates settings with new mobile-dep configuration|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/1378688efe01fde25107223f650d3b72578c42cb)|2018-11-23 21:00:07
|45|JohanLorenzo|Bug 1492245 - Bump pushapkscript to 0.9.0 (#308)|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/85d1b7f41ec671ce8462d34aa3ff1569cabc7a5e)|2018-11-23 17:06:17
|44|JohanLorenzo|Bug 1492245 - Bump signingscript to 9.5.1 (#307)|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/275b1b8c5d8222308da716407067c2e1f8fdbc97)|2018-11-23 14:22:02
|43|mitchhentges|Moves mobile dep configuration to separate file|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/78207d834e2aa6a5de6d2bc2a26719aa16859c3b)|2018-11-23 00:40:39
|42|tomprince|Update balrogscript to 3.3.0 for WNP support.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b2218517cdb7b6997b52136b8620a789f3c6a0f7)|2018-11-22 18:50:55
|41|tomprince|Stop removing tools checkout from balrogworkers.  Now that we've deployed the new balrogscript, none of the workers should have tools installed, so we can stop removing it.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/ccce096610079c17326f4b765c2f30c1305f8eb5)|2018-11-22 18:50:44
|40|JohanLorenzo|Bug 1492245 - signing_scriptworker: Expose Fennec on Autograph (#306)|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b820c2ace1a3eb608330188e54b5a6d4b294ef8d)|2018-11-22 16:08:35
|39|MihaiTabara|Merge pull request #304 from tp-tc/balrogscript-remove-tools    Update balrogscript: Get rid of tools in balrog.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b7ed8207631f1c0fd13e2365ac726bc5d494c50d)|2018-11-22 11:51:05
|38|klibby|Merge pull request #302 from mitchhentges/bug1509144  Bug 1509144 - grant mhentges access to jumphosts|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/bb5699e7a1157144ea606508aa3f4bf35a4cb8ab)|2018-11-21 20:36:13
|37|mitchhentges|Adds configuration for reference browser (prod and staging)|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/77a45ba81538405d0ef92b28f8027df78f116e6e)|2018-11-21 20:02:18
|36|mitchhentges|Bug 1509144 - grant mhentges access to jumphosts|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/575bcac08344ded61015819bb455ac36c76258fb)|2018-11-21 19:40:24
|35|mutterroland|Merge pull request #300 from mozilla-releng/pyup-scheduled-update-2018-11-21  Scheduled weekly dependency update for week 46|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/ba74de2a0876165d35033252c83ce505f26cf103)|2018-11-21 14:38:24
|34|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/2fe522f36a4073029c178c22ea0e419cd87fe875)|2018-11-21 13:45:09
|33|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/77b9289c4b8e0dcc81cd488d7b018ffbadbb2cac)|2018-11-21 13:45:07
|32|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/77ae30b7491c34c68e4ad98a1a62df740e4e3066)|2018-11-21 13:45:05
|31|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/a823ed03858a5cb8448e82a71d7f556cf4939e3e)|2018-11-21 13:45:03
|30|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/bb73d0f535d07e002baaa70af9ac78f59f0ead8e)|2018-11-21 13:45:02
|29|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/8705bc5e1dc658c8728c4bd0939672e08947bc2d)|2018-11-21 13:45:00
|28|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/38a8f9f0d54b62c90a723d55712a2b6d420ce3f0)|2018-11-21 13:44:58
|27|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/ca61b2e86e5ff147a373bff00c31b6f6b5268b4e)|2018-11-21 13:44:56
|26|mutterroland|Revert taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0  Reverting taskcluster-urls from 11.0.0 => 10.1.0 and adding # pyup: ignore as the same action need to take place last week.|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/aa038b920ec81a768fb3a43cd9107f970df9f223)|2018-11-21 13:44:54
|25|pyup-bot|Update cryptography from 2.4.1 to 2.4.2|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/02b4c6d526433dde41f351541b66c2890769dd36)|2018-11-21 13:05:57
|24|pyup-bot|Update setuptools from 40.5.0 to 40.6.2|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/dc687283a197c33d66888abdaa91bf0a62824dea)|2018-11-21 13:05:56
|23|pyup-bot|Update redis from 2.10.6 to 3.0.1|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/3f307e388142530939ac72ea08eaff9e9e5527d3)|2018-11-21 13:05:54
|22|pyup-bot|Update redis from 2.10.6 to 3.0.1|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/152b12e8c7911f07c09bc3872e28b636c5cee1a8)|2018-11-21 13:05:53
|21|pyup-bot|Update redis from 2.10.6 to 3.0.1|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/1222b481ff37fe0448bc25e037d0e39d67004ea2)|2018-11-21 13:05:51
|20|pyup-bot|Update botocore from 1.12.44 to 1.12.49|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/7c17696752f451fcb5fafab72f2d3bf410966727)|2018-11-21 13:05:50
|19|pyup-bot|Update boto3 from 1.9.44 to 1.9.49|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/9d52ea9e7f47a110377d8df7e2c1fab73cd28637)|2018-11-21 13:05:49
|18|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/e26d5b3268fd214d950ef9c599dd52cf4fe53ab1)|2018-11-21 13:05:47
|17|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/c7e3daa0b2297e46f63bbd9aceff8f21cd342f0e)|2018-11-21 13:05:46
|16|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/06cbf5d164552b6c801a35acf5f03654d6f03290)|2018-11-21 13:05:44
|15|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/7737e7ab5cdc560abe4462d0cde849a7a1ce68b3)|2018-11-21 13:05:43
|14|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b338b61f75e66fa631f1cb624cd875f29f72d8ca)|2018-11-21 13:05:41
|13|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b3a02a5af98dd3b5ec1e081bd9cf48d7416fd561)|2018-11-21 13:05:39
|12|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/919cd6ef92fb430313a6213b35dda64b72c037d3)|2018-11-21 13:05:38
|11|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/8b9ac24ac6e30bbbc333908fa2f65946eeea59d5)|2018-11-21 13:05:36
|10|pyup-bot|Update taskcluster-urls from 10.1.0 to 11.0.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/78f1dc9f3e5cf797ac3678f9d4cde86eecc45a0f)|2018-11-21 13:05:35
|9|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/de2e7f356981ed54f11975c262a61a41a169122e)|2018-11-21 13:05:33
|8|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/512cf377fcd61b56db6693af9ede2ed9d76c6920)|2018-11-21 13:05:31
|7|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/6d8a66dbda9f53339c41e9d29d430f23304f5b88)|2018-11-21 13:05:29
|6|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/0e24ece663d47148be4014cb46b9feedd99ef682)|2018-11-21 13:05:27
|5|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/f091ebaa029185290036221e6dc4820003aa172d)|2018-11-21 13:05:26
|4|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/b6eb6ab31fc653be4bcf2d8c86f20d124bbc0bb4)|2018-11-21 13:05:24
|3|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/d68856cb1047006a4e21f1c0be41019f76471a48)|2018-11-21 13:05:23
|2|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/d77dd2e0c085026ceb682bcfb31edd56a5cf10b6)|2018-11-21 13:05:21
|1|pyup-bot|Update multidict from 4.4.2 to 4.5.0|[URL](https://github.com/mozilla-releng/build-puppet/commit/7225a6e155e72bc7ebb02214ecd9f3b16f67832d)|2018-11-21 13:05:20
