hg_files/ci-admin.md, before:

## REPOSITORY NAME: CI-ADMIN
 CURRENT PUSH ID: 44

| Changeset | Date | Commiter | Commit Message | Commit URL | 
|:---:|:---:|:----:|:----------------------------------:|:-----:| 
|44|2019-02-25 18:49:25|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|No bug: Include `ci-admin check`'s `pytest.ini` in the installed package; r=dustinAlso stop using `--develop` (i.e. `-e`) when installing ci-admin in the check job.The addition of `pyproject.toml` triggers a pip bug[1], and we don't have a needto have an editable install.[1] https://github.com/pypa/setuptools/issues/1405Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D20790|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=933ac2604add
|42|2019-02-13 23:21:08|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|No bug: Remove duplicate code for making ci-admin authorative for some hg.mozilla.org repositories; r=dustinSince ci-admin is authorative for all hg.mozilla.org repositories(7cccaaf6c74b), we don't need additionally make it authorative for just some ofthem.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D19706|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=616e7df21c86
|40|2019-02-12 01:11:13|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1492562 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492562) Remove unused graph config entry; r=me|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=a65176bd0ec4
|39|2019-02-11 23:51:13|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Run yamllint against the taskgraph configuration; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D19101|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=36e7c76919c0
|38|2019-02-11 23:30:33|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1492562 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492562) Add intial taskgraph configuration; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D17165|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=f4aed57a506c
|38|2019-02-11 23:30:33|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1492562 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492562) Update taskcluster.yml to use taskgraph; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D19100|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=3bb58ac34682
|37|2019-02-08 04:32:23|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1525368 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1525368) Make ci-admin authorative for all repositories on hg.mozilla.org; r=dustinI noticed this when I didn't see the build/ci-{admin,configuration} roles being removed.This removes roles for:- integration/b2g-inbound- integration/fx-team- projects/alder- projects/fig- projects/gum- projects/holly- users/mozilla_hocat.ca/comm-taskclusterall of which are not currently in use.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D19063|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=7cccaaf6c74b
|36|2019-02-07 22:08:59|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1525368 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1525368) Update path to ci-config; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D18866|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=99df1c34dbc0
|35|2019-01-31 22:30:54|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Run black over ci-admin; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D17166|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloggerhtml?changeset=de24b6b4d2d6
|34|2019-01-18 23:36:42|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Fix typo from flake8 run; r=me|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=8fe80858db7f
|33|2019-01-18 23:21:58|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Fix flake8 errors; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D16769|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=65b3e50a57e4
|32|2019-01-17 00:47:14|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Fix ci-admin tests; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D16756|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=ae0505b4301c
|31|2019-01-02 22:26:29|Aki Sasaki <asasaki@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1485680 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1485680) - if we modify the action hook task logic, we need to update scriptworker. r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D15482|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=b2d0f7af52d2
|30|2018-12-18 21:48:17|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1515137 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1515137) - pass environment rootUrl to cron context r=tomprinceDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D14882|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=0f4b1e9e03cd
|29|2018-10-22 20:53:12|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1492665 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492665) - add support for environments.yml r=Callek,bstackDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D6932|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=241f75b5d808
|29|2018-10-22 20:53:12|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1492665 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492665) - add modify_resources support r=Callek,bstackDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D6933|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=99d859a7a655
|28|2018-10-22 20:50:28|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1494320 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1494320) - remove unnecessary resources.manage r=tomprinceThese were in place in order to delete some old, now-unused roles. They'regone, so no need to continue to manage those namespaces.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D9166|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=d1796b61fbd0
|27|2018-09-26 05:49:00|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Don't generate hooks for actions with cross trust-domain `.taskcluster.yml`s; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D6858|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=9d35e153d813
|26|2018-09-12 23:04:50|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1489181 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1489181) handle input_schema in actions.yml r=akiDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5683|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=c88ca415a1c6
|25|2018-09-11 21:00:43|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1490066 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1490066) fix unit tests and add a few r=tomprinceI broke the unit tests in [Bug 1488766 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1488766) and also introduced a bug (no longerallowing granting to a single group); this fixes that up and even adds sometests.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5464|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=edad9f8f78d4
|24|2018-09-10 17:54:50|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1489983 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1489983) fix markdown link in descriptions r=janxDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5430|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=5b8819a7b072
|23|2018-09-07 22:42:24|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1488766 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1488766) improve error handling for malformed grants.yml r=tomprinceDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5158|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=135f264d65d2
|22|2018-09-07 22:42:11|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1488766 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1488766) also substitute {hgmo_path} r=tomprinceDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5155|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=95397719f02d
|21|2018-09-06 01:14:08|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|(hotfix) add created and expires to .taskcluster.yml|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=559c3f6fd329

Commit message:

Update Changelog Data  - updated git files  - updated hg files  - updated changelog.md  - updated changelog.json

hg_files/ci-admin.md, after:

## REPOSITORY NAME: CI-ADMIN
 CURRENT PUSH ID: 50

| Changeset | Date | Commiter | Commit Message | Commit URL | 
|:---:|:---:|:----:|:----------------------------------:|:-----:| 
|50|2019-03-04 22:17:26|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|No bug: fix checks *without* --ci-configuration-directory, fix lint r=tomprinceI have actually tested this one in a [try push](https://treeherder.mozilla.org/#/jobs?repo=ci-admin-try&revision=cf0bad5ab9271013f6920018e955daab76468957)!Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D21985|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=0e53fe692658
|49|2019-03-04 20:38:07|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1526979 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1526979) allow ignored payload.data.source, too, in triggering hook r=tomprinceDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D21969|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=60bc15b47919
|48|2019-03-04 20:37:38|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|No bug: fix use of bindings in 'ci-admin apply' r=tomprinceI missed this when refactoring the `bindings` property to use an object insteadof a tuple.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D21963|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=e72a3935e409
|47|2019-03-04 19:42:19|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|No bug: capture absolute path for --ci-configuration-directory r=tomprinceThe `ci-admin check` command changes working directory, so it broke use of`--ci-configuration-directory`.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D21959|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=6a3895820e75
|46|2019-03-04 18:58:44|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|No bug: fix black and flake8 issues r=tomprinceDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D21951|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=a3f3c50c66ac
|45|2019-03-04 18:21:07|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1526979 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1526979) - add support for hg-push tasks r=tomprinceThis adds support for "bindings" in the Hooks API, and uses it to support hooksthat run when a push is generated, with the hook template based on a file inci-configuration.The hooks run tasks on a dedicated `hg-push` workerType which *only* runs thissort of task, and can thus run them quickly. The tasks themselves do notperform an hg clone or do anything terribly complicated, so once the dockerimage is loaded they only take a few seconds to execute.The docker image is generated on every push to the ci-admin repository. Thatcould be attached to the ci-configuration repository, instead, but thatrepository does not yet use ci-taskgraph.This also adds some checks to be confident that nobody can trigger hg-pushhooks, nor create tasks on the workerType.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D21282|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=33d5ff352ae5
|42|2019-02-13 23:21:08|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|No bug: Remove duplicate code for making ci-admin authorative for some hg.mozilla.org repositories; r=dustinSince ci-admin is authorative for all hg.mozilla.org repositories(7cccaaf6c74b), we don't need additionally make it authorative for just some ofthem.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D19706|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=616e7df21c86
|40|2019-02-12 01:11:13|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1492562 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492562) Remove unused graph config entry; r=me|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=a65176bd0ec4
|39|2019-02-11 23:51:13|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Run yamllint against the taskgraph configuration; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D19101|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=36e7c76919c0
|38|2019-02-11 23:30:33|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1492562 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492562) Add intial taskgraph configuration; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D17165|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=f4aed57a506c
|38|2019-02-11 23:30:33|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1492562 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492562) Update taskcluster.yml to use taskgraph; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D19100|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=3bb58ac34682
|37|2019-02-08 04:32:23|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1525368 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1525368) Make ci-admin authorative for all repositories on hg.mozilla.org; r=dustinI noticed this when I didn't see the build/ci-{admin,configuration} roles being removed.This removes roles for:- integration/b2g-inbound- integration/fx-team- projects/alder- projects/fig- projects/gum- projects/holly- users/mozilla_hocat.ca/comm-taskclusterall of which are not currently in use.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D19063|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=7cccaaf6c74b
|36|2019-02-07 22:08:59|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|[Bug 1525368 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1525368) Update path to ci-config; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D18866|https://hg.mozilla.org/ci/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=99df1c34dbc0
|35|2019-01-31 22:30:54|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Run black over ci-admin; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D17166|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloggerhtml?changeset=de24b6b4d2d6
|34|2019-01-18 23:36:42|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Fix typo from flake8 run; r=me|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=8fe80858db7f
|33|2019-01-18 23:21:58|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Fix flake8 errors; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D16769|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=65b3e50a57e4
|32|2019-01-17 00:47:14|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Fix ci-admin tests; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D16756|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=ae0505b4301c
|31|2019-01-02 22:26:29|Aki Sasaki <asasaki@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1485680 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1485680) - if we modify the action hook task logic, we need to update scriptworker. r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D15482|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=b2d0f7af52d2
|30|2018-12-18 21:48:17|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1515137 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1515137) - pass environment rootUrl to cron context r=tomprinceDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D14882|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=0f4b1e9e03cd
|29|2018-10-22 20:53:12|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1492665 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492665) - add support for environments.yml r=Callek,bstackDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D6932|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=241f75b5d808
|29|2018-10-22 20:53:12|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1492665 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1492665) - add modify_resources support r=Callek,bstackDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D6933|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=99d859a7a655
|28|2018-10-22 20:50:28|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1494320 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1494320) - remove unnecessary resources.manage r=tomprinceThese were in place in order to delete some old, now-unused roles. They'regone, so no need to continue to manage those namespaces.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D9166|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=d1796b61fbd0
|27|2018-09-26 05:49:00|Tom Prince <mozilla@hocat.ca>|Don't generate hooks for actions with cross trust-domain `.taskcluster.yml`s; r=dustinDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D6858|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=9d35e153d813
|26|2018-09-12 23:04:50|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1489181 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1489181) handle input_schema in actions.yml r=akiDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5683|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=c88ca415a1c6
|25|2018-09-11 21:00:43|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1490066 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1490066) fix unit tests and add a few r=tomprinceI broke the unit tests in [Bug 1488766 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1488766) and also introduced a bug (no longerallowing granting to a single group); this fixes that up and even adds sometests.Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5464|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=edad9f8f78d4
|24|2018-09-10 17:54:50|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1489983 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1489983) fix markdown link in descriptions r=janxDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5430|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=5b8819a7b072
|23|2018-09-07 22:42:24|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1488766 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1488766) improve error handling for malformed grants.yml r=tomprinceDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5158|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=135f264d65d2
|22|2018-09-07 22:42:11|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|[Bug 1488766 ](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1488766) also substitute {hgmo_path} r=tomprinceDifferential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D5155|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=95397719f02d
|21|2018-09-06 01:14:08|Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@mozilla.com>|(hotfix) add created and expires to .taskcluster.yml|https://hg.mozilla.org/build/ci-admin/pushloghtml?changeset=559c3f6fd329
